# RAT-Tracker
Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) Tracker is a RAT test tracking application that helps businesses and employees save time and money in fulfilling workplace RAT test requirements. 
It enables employees to effortlessly submit required RAT test results and update employers on their COVID status while also ensuring employers can keep track of the RAT tests taken by their employees so that the workplace can adhere to regulatory requirements.

The project was developed as part of the virtual Accenture Tech Bootcamp 2022. I worked with 6 other students from different academic backgrounds to design a RAT test tracking application that helps businesses and employees save time and money in fulfilling workplace RAT test requirements. It enables employees to effortlessly submit required RAT test results and update employers on their COVID status while also ensuring employers can keep track of the RAT tests taken by their employees so that the workplace can adhere to regulatory requirements.
 
We decided to develop a React web app for the front end and host the backend on AWS. I was responsible for developing and implementing the solutions architecture of the backend. Although I did have some previous knowledge of AWS and I earned the AWS Certified Solutions Architect certification less than a fortnight ago, coming up with a fairly complex architecture in three days was still quite a challenge. I searched for many tutorials each day for the first three days that gives different suggestions on how to write data to the DynamoDB database. My draft architecture changed frequently throughout the first three days. At the end of Day 3, I managed to finalise the architecture by putting together the architectures I have found online and implemented them with the help of my teammate Kellen Liew, who created the S3 bucket, DynamoDB and some Lambda functions for me on AWS.

Thanks to the efforts of the whole team, we won the 3rd Prize. I also gained precious hands-on experience of AWS and GitLab during the process. 
